here we have a nice oh-ee a8 spot watch
wonder and there is one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
spots for storage at the bottom it has a
nice velvet finish this has a no-reserve
on it and we're offering free shipping
I'll turn it on for you and we're
offering free shipping on it we have a
lot of these units that we picked up and
we have buy it now prices on a bid
dotnet EBI d NE t we're switching most
our listings over to e bid from ebay
we're making a change on that but this
one is on eBay free shipping so you can
stop you know one motor and just have to
go in or you could have one going it's
up to you
each one is controlled in the back with
a power supply so it does clockwise
counter clockwise and altering it'll
alter back and forth as well so a real
nice wood piano finish cherry and this
is brand new we have a lot of brand new
ones on EBIT you could look at two I'll
turn it around for you it's gonna be
expensive unit to ship but we're
offering free shipping with no reserve
so I'm gonna have to put down the
camcorder because this thing's too heavy
so I see the back here's the back of it
here so it includes the directions in
the power supply there's the motor
control switches we have 8900 + feedback
on you babe we're really close to 9,000
we're a top rated seller power seller
we've been selling on ebay now for
little over seven years so if you have
any questions shoot them over to me but
good luck dating guys and thank you for
looking have a good day bye bye